So we learned the basics about animating our elements here.
Now let me dive a bit deeper into what else we can configure to really fine tune this to our needs.
I'm going to copy this transition up here and copy it
in here, I'll use v-if again because that's the more often use case
and now let's say I generally set show to true.
Now if I do this of course and I reload this, we see all three elements. Now maybe we want to
animate this element when the page is loaded first because all the elements could also transition in smoothly
in such a case right,
if you visit this page, you probably want to animate some element to really give the user the impression
of hey I landed on this page.
Well I'll demonstrate this with this third element here,
to tell vuejs to also animate the initial attaching to the dom,
you can add the appear attribute to the transition component here, to this wrapper.
By doing so, if I reload this, you see again this smoothly animates in down there
and that is exactly the behavior we want here.
We want it to animate in because we want to also animate this initial attachment to the dom and
not only the one if I trigger this button here and hence you get the well behaviour we already know but
also the initial loading.